Add support for multiple architectures (#19)
githubixx/ansible-role-etcd: README.md

etcd_bin_dir: "/usr/local/bin"
# etcd data directory (etcd database files so to say)
etcd_data_dir: "/var/lib/etcd"
# Architecture to download and install
etcd_architecture: "amd64"
# Only change this if the architecture you are using is unsupported (for example: arm64)

> # For more information, see this: https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/blob/master/server/etcdmain/etcd.go#L460

Reviewer: That link is already outdated :wink: I think it makes sense to point to the `op-guide`:
```suggestion
# For more information, see this: https://github.com/etcd-io/website/blob/master/content/docs/v3.4/op-guide/supported-platform.md
```
